Feat LDAP auth plugins (#908)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_includes/plugins/upstream-headers.md

When a client has been authenticated, the plugin appends some headers to
the request before proxying it to the upstream service, so that you
can identify the Consumer in your code:

> * `X-Consumer-ID`: The ID of the Consumer in Kong.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `X-Consumer-ID`: The ID of the Consumer in {{site.base_gateway}}.
```

* `X-Consumer-Custom-ID`: The `custom_id` of the Consumer (if set).
* `X-Consumer-Username`: The `username` of the Consumer (if set).
* `X-Credential-Identifier`: The identifier of the credential (only if the Consumer is not the `anonymous` Consumer).
* `X-Anonymous-Consumer`: Is set to `true` if authentication fails, and the `anonymous` Consumer is set instead.

You can use this information on your side to implement additional logic.

> You can use the `X-Consumer-ID` value to query the Kong Admin API and retrieve

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `X-Consumer-ID` value to query the {{site.base_gateway}} Admin API and retrieve
```
